Provide context for the type of CNF the best practice applies to in 0001-cnf-conformance-definition-proposal-process.md (#29)
cncf/cnf-wg: ccdps/0001-cnf-conformance-definition-proposal-process.md

In addition to the challenge of managing issues over time, searching for text within an issue can be challenging. The flat hierarchy of issues can also make navigation and categorization tricky. Not all community members will be uncomfortable using Git directly, but it is imperative for our community to educate people on a standard set of tools so they can take their experience to other projects they may decide to work on in the future. While git is a fantastic version control system (VCS), it is neither a project management tool nor a cogent way of managing a backlog. This proposal is limited to motivating the creation of a standardized definition of work in order to facilitate project management. This primitive for describing a unit of work may also allow contributors to create their own personalized view of the state of the project while relying on Git and GitHub for consistency and durable storage.

## **Workload Context**

> Context should be provided for the type of workload/container this best practice applies to. The context, of an individual best practice, should illustrate the specific type of workload most likey to take advantage of the benefits listed. In contrast, it should provide a warning if the practice would be a determent to a divergent type of workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context should be provided which includes the type of CNF, workload, and CNF component (eg. Pod, container, Operator) this best practice applies to. The context, of an individual best practice, should illustrate the specific type of workload most likely to take advantage of the benefits listed. When applicable, it should also provide a warning if the practice would be a determent to a divergent type of workload.
```

> 

Reviewer: @jeffsaelens can you provide some examples of different types?

Author: Sure, infrastructure/orchestration/provisioning style workloads. One that we do actually want to have some type of privilege as they are interacting with systems on our behalf. The core network functions themselves. These ones may need no privilege but have unique dos/don'ts from a NAT, ingress/egress etc... perspective. OSS/BSS containers, logging/monitoring (most likely to be bundled in by the dev to ensure the appropriate metrics are actually captured). The list could go on. One issue is we don't have a proper definition of what a CNF is. Is it a single container that has nay sort of NF living inside? Is it a suite of microservices that make up the whole? My main fear is we describe some of these best practices as one size fits all and end up with ETSI MANO again where things are a little too broad and begin to lose value.

Reviewer: @jeffsaelens these examples would be a good addition to the document.

We'll address what a CNF is in some of the primary docs (eg. README, charter) partially based on discussions in https://github.com/cncf/cnf-wg/discussions/27 and recent ones in Slack.
